src/Draggable/Sensors/ForceTouchSensor/README.md, before:

## Force Touch Sensor

__WORK IN PROGRESS__

_Draggable does not use this sensor by default_

Picks up browser force touch events and triggers the events below on a source container.
This sensor only works for Macbook Pros with force touch trackpads

- `drag:start`
- `drag:move`
- `drag:stop`
- `drag:pressure`

### API

**`new ForceTouchSensor(containers: HTMLElement[]|NodeList|HTMLElement, options: Object): ForceTouchSensor`**  
To create a force touch sensor, specify the containers it should pay attention to. Sensors will always
trigger sensor events on container element.

**`forceTouchSensor.attach(): void`**  
Attaches sensors to the DOM

**`forceTouchSensor.detach(): void`**  
Detaches sensors to the DOM

### Options

**`delay {Number}`**  
This value will delay force touch start

### Example

```js
import {Draggable, Sensors} from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(containers, {
  sensors: [Sensors.ForceTouchSensor],
});
```

### Caveats

- When used in Safari with force touch track pad, make sure to add visual guidelines to the user to indicate that force needs to be used to start drag operation.

Commit message:

fix(sensor): return early when the target isn't in handle or draggable elements

src/Draggable/Sensors/ForceTouchSensor/README.md, after:

## Force Touch Sensor

**WORK IN PROGRESS**

_Draggable does not use this sensor by default_

Picks up browser force touch events and triggers the events below on a source container.
This sensor only works for Macbook Pros with force touch trackpads

- `drag:start`
- `drag:move`
- `drag:stop`
- `drag:pressure`

### API

**`new ForceTouchSensor(containers: HTMLElement[]|NodeList|HTMLElement, options: Object): ForceTouchSensor`**  
To create a force touch sensor, specify the containers it should pay attention to. Sensors will always
trigger sensor events on container element.

**`forceTouchSensor.attach(): void`**  
Attaches sensors to the DOM

**`forceTouchSensor.detach(): void`**  
Detaches sensors to the DOM

### Options

**`draggable {String}`**  
A css selector for draggable elements within the `containers` specified.

**`delay {Number}`**  
This value will delay force touch start

**`handle {String}`**  
Specify a css selector for a handle element if you don't want to allow drag action on the entire element.

### Example

```js
import {Draggable, Sensors} from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(containers, {
  sensors: [Sensors.ForceTouchSensor],
});
```

### Caveats

- When used in Safari with force touch track pad, make sure to add visual guidelines to the user to indicate that force needs to be used to start drag operation.
