src/Draggable/README.md, before:

## Draggable

### Usage

- ES6:
```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';
// Or
// import Draggable from '@shopify/draggable/lib/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li'
});
```

- Browser (All Bundle):
```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@shopify/draggable@1.0.0-beta.11/lib/draggable.bundle.js"></script>
<script>
    const draggable = new Draggable.Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
      draggable: 'li'
    });
</script>
```

- Browser (Standalone):
```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@shopify/draggable@1.0.0-beta.11/lib/draggable.js"></script>
<script>
    const draggable = new Draggable.default(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
      draggable: 'li'
    });
</script>
```

### API

**`new Draggable(containers: HTMLElement[]|NodeList|HTMLElement, options: Object): Draggable`**  
To create a draggable instance you need to specify the container(s) that hold draggable items, e.g.
`document.body` would work too. The second argument is an options object, which is described
below.

**`draggable.destroy(): void`**  
Detaches all sensors and listeners, and cleans up after itself.

**`draggable.on(eventName: String, listener: Function): Draggable`**  
Draggable is an event emitter, so you can register callbacks for events. Draggable
also supports method chaining.

**`draggable.off(eventName: String, listener: Function): Draggable`**  
You can unregister listeners by using `.off()`, make sure to provide the same callback.

**`draggable.trigger(event: AbstractEvent): void`**  
You can trigger events through draggable. This is used to fire events internally or by
extensions of Draggable.

**`draggable.addPlugin(plugins: ...typeof Plugin): Draggable`**  
Adds plugins to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removePlugin(plugins: ...typeof Plugin): Draggable`**  
Removes plugins that are already attached to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.addSensor(sensors: ...typeof Sensor): Draggable`**  
Adds sensors to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removeSensor(sensors: ...typeof Sensor): Draggable`**  
Removes sensors that are already attached to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.addContainer(containers: ...HTMLElement): Draggable`**  
Adds containers to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removeContainer(containers: ...HTMLElement): Draggable`**  
Removes containers from this draggable instance.

**`draggable.getClassNameFor(name: String): String`**  
Returns class name for class identifier, check the classes table below for identifiers.

**`draggable.isDragging(): Boolean`**  
Returns true or false, depending on this draggables dragging state.

**`draggable.getDraggableElementsForContainer(container: HTMLElement): HTMLElement[]`**  
Returns draggable elements for given container, excluding potential mirror or original source.

### Options

**`draggable {String}`**  
A css selector for draggable elements within the `containers` specified. By default it will
look for an element with `.draggable-source` class. Default: `.draggable-source`

**`handle {String}`**  
Specify a css selector for a handle element if you don't want to allow drag action
on the entire element. Default: `null`

**`delay {Number|Object}`**  
If you want to delay a drag start you can specify delay in milliseconds. This can be useful
for draggable elements within scrollable containers. To allow touch scrolling, we set 100ms delay for TouchSensor by default. Default:

```js
{
  mouse: 0,
  drag: 0,
  touch: 100,
}
```

You can set the same delay for all sensors by setting a number, or set an object to set the delay for each sensor separately.

**`distance {Number}`**  
The distance you want the pointer to have moved before drag starts. This can be useful
for clickable draggable elements, such as links. Default: `0`

**`plugins {Plugin[]}`**  
Plugins add behaviour to Draggable by hooking into its life cycle, e.g. one of the default
plugins controls the mirror movement. Default: `[]`

**`sensors {Sensor[]}`**  
Sensors dictate how drag operations get triggered, by listening to native browser events.
By default draggable includes the `MouseSensor` & `TouchSensor`. Default: `[]`

**`classes {Object}`**  
Draggable adds classes to elements to indicate state. These classes can be used to add styling
on elements in certain states.

**`exclude {plugins: Plugin[], sensors: Sensor[]}`**  
Allow excluding default plugins and default sensors. Use with caution as it may create strange behavior.

### Events

| Name                                       | Description                                               | Cancelable | Cancelable action   |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------- |
| [`draggable:initialize`][draggableinit]    | Gets fired when draggable gets initialized                | false      | -                   |
| [`draggable:destroy`][draggabledest]       | Gets fired when draggable gets destroyed                  | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:start`][dragstart]                  | Gets fired when drag action begins                        | true       | Prevents drag start |
| [`drag:move`][dragmove]                    | Gets fired when moving a draggable around                 | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:over`][dragover]                    | Gets fired when dragging over other draggable             | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:over:container`][dragovercontainer] | Gets fired when dragging over other draggable container   | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:out`][dragout]                      | Gets fired when dragging out of other draggable           | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:out:container`][dragoutcontainer]   | Gets fired when dragging out of other draggable container | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:stop`][dragstop]                    | Gets fired when draggable has been released               | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:stopped`][dragstopped]              | Gets fired when draggable finished                        | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:pressure`][dragpressure]            | Gets fired when using force touch on draggable element    | false      | -                   |

[draggableinit]: DraggableEvent#draggableinitializedevent
[draggabledest]: DraggableEvent#draggabledestroyevent
[dragstart]: DragEvent#dragstartevent
[dragmove]: DragEvent#dragmoveevent
[dragover]: DragEvent#dragoverevent
[dragovercontainer]: DragEvent#dragovercontainerevent
[dragout]: DragEvent#dragoutevent
[dragoutcontainer]: DragEvent#dragoutcontainerevent
[dragstop]: DragEvent#dragstopevent
[dragstopped]: DragEvent#dragstoppedevent
[dragpressure]: DragEvent#dragpressureevent

### Classes

| Name                 | Description                                                         | Default                            |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `body:dragging`      | Class added on the document body while dragging                     | `draggable--is-dragging`           |
| `container:dragging` | Class added on the container where the draggable was picked up from | `draggable-container--is-dragging` |
| `source:dragging`    | Class added on the draggable element that has been picked up        | `draggable-source--is-dragging`    |
| `source:placed`      | Class added on the draggable element on `drag:stop`                 | `draggable-source--placed`         |
| `container:placed`   | Class added on the draggable container element on `drag:stop`       | `draggable-container--placed`      |
| `draggable:over`     | Class added on draggable element you are dragging over              | `draggable--over`                  |
| `container:over`     | Class added on draggable container element you are dragging over    | `draggable-container--over`        |
| `source:original`    | Class added on the original source element, which is hidden on drag | `draggable--original`              |
| `mirror`             | Class added on the mirror element                                   | `draggable-mirror`                 |

### Example

This sample code will make list items draggable:

```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li'
});

draggable.on('drag:start', () => console.log('drag:start'));
draggable.on('drag:move', () => console.log('drag:move'));
draggable.on('drag:stop', () => console.log('drag:stop'));
```

Create draggable which excluded some default plugins and sensor:

```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li',
  exclude: {
    plugins: [Draggable.Plugins.Focusable],
    sensors: [Draggable.Sensors.TouchSensor],
  }
});
```

Commit message:

Add test & update docs for multiple classes feature

src/Draggable/README.md, after:

## Draggable

### Usage

- ES6:
```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';
// Or
// import Draggable from '@shopify/draggable/lib/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li'
});
```

- Browser (All Bundle):
```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@shopify/draggable@1.0.0-beta.11/lib/draggable.bundle.js"></script>
<script>
    const draggable = new Draggable.Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
      draggable: 'li'
    });
</script>
```

- Browser (Standalone):
```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@shopify/draggable@1.0.0-beta.11/lib/draggable.js"></script>
<script>
    const draggable = new Draggable.default(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
      draggable: 'li'
    });
</script>
```

### API

**`new Draggable(containers: HTMLElement[]|NodeList|HTMLElement, options: Object): Draggable`**  
To create a draggable instance you need to specify the container(s) that hold draggable items, e.g.
`document.body` would work too. The second argument is an options object, which is described
below.

**`draggable.destroy(): void`**  
Detaches all sensors and listeners, and cleans up after itself.

**`draggable.on(eventName: String, listener: Function): Draggable`**  
Draggable is an event emitter, so you can register callbacks for events. Draggable
also supports method chaining.

**`draggable.off(eventName: String, listener: Function): Draggable`**  
You can unregister listeners by using `.off()`, make sure to provide the same callback.

**`draggable.trigger(event: AbstractEvent): void`**  
You can trigger events through draggable. This is used to fire events internally or by
extensions of Draggable.

**`draggable.addPlugin(plugins: ...typeof Plugin): Draggable`**  
Adds plugins to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removePlugin(plugins: ...typeof Plugin): Draggable`**  
Removes plugins that are already attached to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.addSensor(sensors: ...typeof Sensor): Draggable`**  
Adds sensors to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removeSensor(sensors: ...typeof Sensor): Draggable`**  
Removes sensors that are already attached to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.addContainer(containers: ...HTMLElement): Draggable`**  
Adds containers to this draggable instance.

**`draggable.removeContainer(containers: ...HTMLElement): Draggable`**  
Removes containers from this draggable instance.

**`draggable.getClassNameFor(name: String): String`**  
Returns class name for class identifier, check the classes table below for identifiers.

**`draggable.getClassNamesFor(name: String): String[]`**  
Returns array of class name for class identifier, useful when working with atomic css, check the classes table below for identifiers.

**`draggable.isDragging(): Boolean`**  
Returns true or false, depending on this draggables dragging state.

**`draggable.getDraggableElementsForContainer(container: HTMLElement): HTMLElement[]`**  
Returns draggable elements for given container, excluding potential mirror or original source.

### Options

**`draggable {String}`**  
A css selector for draggable elements within the `containers` specified. By default it will
look for an element with `.draggable-source` class. Default: `.draggable-source`

**`handle {String}`**  
Specify a css selector for a handle element if you don't want to allow drag action
on the entire element. Default: `null`

**`delay {Number|Object}`**  
If you want to delay a drag start you can specify delay in milliseconds. This can be useful
for draggable elements within scrollable containers. To allow touch scrolling, we set 100ms delay for TouchSensor by default. Default:

```js
{
  mouse: 0,
  drag: 0,
  touch: 100,
}
```

You can set the same delay for all sensors by setting a number, or set an object to set the delay for each sensor separately.

**`distance {Number}`**  
The distance you want the pointer to have moved before drag starts. This can be useful
for clickable draggable elements, such as links. Default: `0`

**`plugins {Plugin[]}`**  
Plugins add behaviour to Draggable by hooking into its life cycle, e.g. one of the default
plugins controls the mirror movement. Default: `[]`

**`sensors {Sensor[]}`**  
Sensors dictate how drag operations get triggered, by listening to native browser events.
By default draggable includes the `MouseSensor` & `TouchSensor`. Default: `[]`

**`classes {{String: String|String[]}}`**  
Draggable adds classes to elements to indicate state. These classes can be used to add styling
on elements in certain states. Accept String or Array of strings.

**NOTE**: When specifying multiple classes to an indicate state, the first class MUST be unique for that state to avoid duplicate classes for other states. 

**`exclude {plugins: Plugin[], sensors: Sensor[]}`**  
Allow excluding default plugins and default sensors. Use with caution as it may create strange behavior.

### Events

| Name                                       | Description                                               | Cancelable | Cancelable action   |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------- |
| [`draggable:initialize`][draggableinit]    | Gets fired when draggable gets initialized                | false      | -                   |
| [`draggable:destroy`][draggabledest]       | Gets fired when draggable gets destroyed                  | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:start`][dragstart]                  | Gets fired when drag action begins                        | true       | Prevents drag start |
| [`drag:move`][dragmove]                    | Gets fired when moving a draggable around                 | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:over`][dragover]                    | Gets fired when dragging over other draggable             | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:over:container`][dragovercontainer] | Gets fired when dragging over other draggable container   | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:out`][dragout]                      | Gets fired when dragging out of other draggable           | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:out:container`][dragoutcontainer]   | Gets fired when dragging out of other draggable container | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:stop`][dragstop]                    | Gets fired when draggable has been released               | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:stopped`][dragstopped]              | Gets fired when draggable finished                        | false      | -                   |
| [`drag:pressure`][dragpressure]            | Gets fired when using force touch on draggable element    | false      | -                   |

[draggableinit]: DraggableEvent#draggableinitializedevent
[draggabledest]: DraggableEvent#draggabledestroyevent
[dragstart]: DragEvent#dragstartevent
[dragmove]: DragEvent#dragmoveevent
[dragover]: DragEvent#dragoverevent
[dragovercontainer]: DragEvent#dragovercontainerevent
[dragout]: DragEvent#dragoutevent
[dragoutcontainer]: DragEvent#dragoutcontainerevent
[dragstop]: DragEvent#dragstopevent
[dragstopped]: DragEvent#dragstoppedevent
[dragpressure]: DragEvent#dragpressureevent

### Classes

| Name                 | Description                                                         | Default                            |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `body:dragging`      | Classes added on the document body while dragging                     | `draggable--is-dragging`           |
| `container:dragging` | Classes added on the container where the draggable was picked up from | `draggable-container--is-dragging` |
| `source:dragging`    | Classes added on the draggable element that has been picked up        | `draggable-source--is-dragging`    |
| `source:placed`      | Classes added on the draggable element on `drag:stop`                 | `draggable-source--placed`         |
| `container:placed`   | Classes added on the draggable container element on `drag:stop`       | `draggable-container--placed`      |
| `draggable:over`     | Classes added on draggable element you are dragging over              | `draggable--over`                  |
| `container:over`     | Classes added on draggable container element you are dragging over    | `draggable-container--over`        |
| `source:original`    | Classes added on the original source element, which is hidden on drag | `draggable--original`              |
| `mirror`             | Classes added on the mirror element                                   | `draggable-mirror`                 |

### Example

This sample code will make list items draggable:

```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li'
});

draggable.on('drag:start', () => console.log('drag:start'));
draggable.on('drag:move', () => console.log('drag:move'));
draggable.on('drag:stop', () => console.log('drag:stop'));
```

Create draggable which excluded some default plugins and sensor:

```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li',
  exclude: {
    plugins: [Draggable.Plugins.Focusable],
    sensors: [Draggable.Sensors.TouchSensor],
  }
});
```

Create draggable with specific classes:

```js
import { Draggable } from '@shopify/draggable';

const draggable = new Draggable(document.querySelectorAll('ul'), {
  draggable: 'li',
  classes: {
    'draggable:over': ['draggable--over', '.bg-red-200', 'bg-opacity-25'],
  },
});
```
